I love to come to Europe,
Because we play well every time we come.
Every time the lightning wolf comes to Europe,
Have won a lot of games against xd
So I love it very much~
Hey~ this is Travis, I am at the 2018 MSI scene,
This is the first day of the event, and I will bring you and everyone to visit.
Next to me is the snake snake Swordart,
He has been pretty good today,
Snake snake, you just defeated FNC, what do you think of them?
Um... I think FNC will play mid and late
Um... I think FNC will play mid and late.
They can make a great CALL.
Our strength is team battle,
So I think
If we play pre-game
Can get some advantages,
We can easily win the team battle.
Then can you talk to us about Solaka?
I remember that you are the Lord E,
This is quite interesting. Can you talk about this style of play?
Lord E's Soraka
I learned in Korean solo Q,
Korean solo Q players will play a lot of different roles.
Then Soraka...
If she is the main E
Can hit the enemy 100%,
If the main Q, then it can't
Hit every time, so if I
When you are on the line with Magic Ganna,
If she is in Q,
It will be very dangerous, so
I have to stand very late, it is more difficult to lose Q,
Will use E.
So when I am on the line with Magic Ganna, I will be Lord E.
So what do you think of the current assisted META?
We will see more hands
Law hero (like Soraka)
Is it raging at MSI?
Um...Soraca is not suitable for every game.
There are not many assassins on the opposite side,
It is only suitable if you can't cut the color of the back row.
There are not many opportunities to choose Soraka.
So I think
Will see more Alexa,
Brom, greedy and like.
Sometimes it can be like Magic Gana,
Karma, Jenna, Soraka, right.
How far do you think this MSI lightning wolf can go?
We are focused on what we see
Next game
Just... didn't think too much.
I just want to be with my teammates.
Win each game in front of you together.
Then you and your teammates
How was your stay in Berlin?
Have you had a good time? What do you think of MSI?
We are here
focus on
Practice, so there is not much time
Go out and play. But I think
The weather in Berlin is very good.
Because Taiwan is sometimes hot, but here
I think, um...
Hmm... to XD
Look, I came from Los Angeles.
It’s sunny,
I see this side is cloudy, the sky is dark,
I don't really like it here. But do you think it is very good?
Because Taiwan is hot and wet
So I think this is much better~
it is good. I always ask professional players every time.
What do you think of this city?
Whether it is Berlin, China, Shanghai...
Every time they say they want to practice,
Nothing is wrong in the city.
So this time I want to ask you, what do you think of the hotel and the practice area?
Is the environment ok? Do you like it?
Yes, I think it's great here.
The restaurant food is delicious, then I like it
Come to Europe, because every time the lightning wolf comes to Europe, the results are good XD
I have won a lot of games, so I love it very much.
So Europe is a lucky place for you? Correct.
Anything you want to say to your fans?
Um... because we changed this year.
Many players,
I didn't think we could
How far to go,
But we are practicing very hard,
So now there is a 2-0 result.
We will continue to work hard,
I hope I can,
Well, I think this MSI
May not be...
Um... It’s a little too difficult to get the championship, but we will try our best.
I hope to be in this year's World Finals.
Can perform better.
We will work harder.
Great. Thank you, Snake, for accepting my interview.
Welcome to see my channel, there are other
MSI related reports~
Every time I come to Europe, this weather
It's really incredible. Like today,
These clouds... well, the focus is
I am in Berlin, but this trip is no sponsor.
I hope you like our interview,
If you like, please subscribe or sponsor.
You can also follow me on twitch (Travis Gafford)
If you like,
Can help with the related expenses,
thank you very much!